ConceptYou are all guests at the King's feast. If Game of Thrones is any indication, most of you will die.
Cover InfoSocial Deduction/Party Game5-10 Players15 minutes
Components - Role Cards - - The King - - - You are alive
 - - The Assassin - - - The King is dead - - The Executioner - - - The Assassin is dead - - The Guard - - - The King is alive - - The Rebel - - - The Guard is dead
 - - The Red Knight - - - You are alive AND The Blue Knight is dead - - The Blue Knight - - - You are alive AND The Red Knight is dead - - The White Knight - - - Over half of players are alive - - The Black Knight - - - Over half of players are dead - - The Gold Knight - - - You have the most Honor + Titles (keep your Honor if you die and gain an Honor for each Title you had when you died)
 - - The Queen - - - The Princess is alive AND The Suitor is dead - - The Princess - - - You and the Suitor are alive OR you and the Suitor are dead - - The Suitor - - - You and the Princess are alive OR you and the Princess are dead - - The Prince - - - You are alive AND ( The King is dead OR the Suitor is dead ) - Title Cards - - Cupbearer - - - Set Up: Draw a Wine Goblet and a Poison Goblet and give one to the King facedown, discarding the other - - - Start of Turn: If the King doesn't have a Goblet, replace his Goblet card as during Set Up - - Seneschal - - - Set Up: DrawWine Goblets equal to the number of players minus one, and one Poison Goblet, and give a Goblet to each player except the King, discarding the remaining card - - - Start of Turn: If any player except King doesn't have a Goblet, draw Wine Goblets equal to the number of players other than the King without a Goblet, and one Poison Goblet. Give a Goblet to each player without one, then discard the remaining card 
 - - Chamberlain - - - Set Up: Prepare the Food (see Set Up) - - 

 - Honor Tokens - Dishonor Tokens - Energy Tokens - Goblet Cards - Food Cards
Goal - On your role card you have a personal goal, which may have multiple requirements or different ways to fulfill it. You win if your goal is fulfilled at the end of the game.
Set Up - Choose which role cards to use (see recommended scenarios) - Deal each player a role card face down - Players keep their role cards secret, except the King, who reveals his card - >>> Players may never reveal their role card, unless required to by a game ability - The King takes all titles and keeps them in front of him (though he cannot use any) - The King gives each player a title, and must give out Cupbearer, Seneschal, and Chamberlain - Create a deck for each food type, with no food poison cards, and a deck with all of the food poison cards, poison side up. - The Chamberlain either goes to another room or all players close their eyes. - The Chamberlain shuffles the food poison cards, and draws a number based on the number of players (2 for 5 or 6, 3 for 7 or 8, 4 for 9 or 10). For each poison card drawn, he removes a food card from the matching deck and puts it in the box secretly, and shuffles the poison card into the food deck. The food decks are then put in the middle of the table
 - Create a deck of Poison Goblet cards, poison side up, and a deck of Wine Goblet cards, wine side up
 - The Cupbearer draws a Poison Goblet cardand a Wine Goblet card, and puts one in front of the King, goblet side up. He puts the other in the box secretly - The Seneschal draws Wine Goblets equal to the number of players minus one, and one Poison Goblet, and puts a card goblet side up in front of every player except the King. He puts the remaining card into the box secretly - Starting to the left of the King, each player choose three different food cards and place them in front of youbelow your goblet card - Each player begins with one Honor token. Place the remaining Honor and Dishonor tokens in the middle of the table
Gameplay - Play starts to the left of the King and continues clockwise - On each players turn they go through 6 steps: - 1. Claim Title - - - If you have at least 2 honor tokens, you may spend 2 honor tokens to demand a Title from the King. Take a Title of your choice from those in front of the King and put it in front of you. - - - If you have at least 3 honor tokens, you may instead spend 3 honor tokens to steal a Title from another player. Take a Title from another player (other than the King) and put it in front of you. - - - You may only demand or steal one Title per turn. You are not required to claim a Title.
 - 2. Start of Turn Abilities - - - If you have one or more Titles with a Start of Turn ability, you may use them in any order now - - - On the King's turn, if he has any titles remaining and at least one other player has an Honor token, he must give a Title to a player with an Honor token. That player then gives an Honor token to the King
 - 3. Determine Energy - - - Each player begins their turn with one energy - - - The player may flip over any number of their food cards to gain additional energy - - - - If they flip over a Food Poison card, they die (see Death) - - - The player must spend one energy per Dishonor token in front of them to remove the Dishonor token. If they cannot remove all of their Dishonor tokens, they immediately die of dishonor
 - 4. Choose and take Action - - - After determining how much Energy you have for your turn, you must choose an action that requires that much Energy or less. Extra Energy cannot be saved. - - - Actions:0 - Dump Food - Remove a Food Card from your plate, putting it in the box face down1 - Spill Wine - Remove any player's Goblet card, putting it in the box face down. Gain a Dishonor - >>> A player can never have both Honor and Dishonor. If a player has at least one Honor token and receives a Dishonor token they immediately cancel out and are discarded
 2 - Swap Goblets - Exchange two players Goblet cards
2 - Swap Plates - Exchange all of two players Food cards
3 - Call for a Toast - All players with a Goblet card put their hands in the middle. Count down and all players simultaneously put their thumb up or down. Players with a thumb down gain a Dishonor token. Players with a thumb up flip over their Goblet card and die if it is poison. Otherwise they gain an Honor
3 - Poison - All other players close their eyes. Draw a card from the Poison Goblet deck or the Food Poison deck, replace a matching card in front of any player, and put the removed card into the box secretly
4 - Insult - Give any player a Dishonor4 - Praise/Boast - Give any player an Honor4 - Challenge to a Duel - Choose another player to challenge to a duel. If they refuse, they gain a Dishonor. You gain one Honor, plus an additional Honor for each Dishonor they have in front of them. If they accept, the two of you play Rock-Paper-Scissors. If one of you wins, they gain an Honor and the other dies. If it's a tie, you each gain an Honor (yes, you may discuss what you will throw beforehand).
 - 5. Refill Plates - - - Any player with fewer than 3 Food cards draws Food cards until they have 3 in front of them. You can never have multiple cards of the same Food
 - 6. End of Turn Abilities - - - If you have one or more Titles with an End of Turn ability, you may use them in any order now
Game End - If the King dies, the game immediately ends. Otherwise the game ends when any two decks run out. - At that time, all players (including dead players) look at their goal to determine if they have won
Death - Throughout the game players can die of poison, dishonor, or losing a duel. Many goals center on certain players dying or not dying. - Dead players can still win unless their goal demands they stay alive - When a player dies, their Food cards and Goblet card are returned to the box secretly. Any Honor or Dishonor tokens are returned to the supply. Their Titles are given back to the King. Their Role card is flipped face-up but stays in front of them
 - Dead players do not get a turn, and cannot be affected by any action or Title. Anything effect referring to "all players" does not include dead players. Dead players may, however, continue to speak from the grave and attempt to influence the living - If one or more of the essential Titles (Cupbearer and Seneschal) are returned to the King, he must immediately give them back out. If any players have Honor he must give the Title to a player with Honor and receive an Honor in return. Otherwise he must give it to any player for free.
